Remove explicit links to potentially inaccessible ITER JIRA system (#5)
iterorganization/imas-data-dictionary: docs/identifiers.rst

structure is applicable.

The use of private indices or names in identifiers structure is discouraged, since this

> would defeat the purpose of having a standard enumerated list. Please create a `GitHub issue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
would defeat the purpose of having a standard enumerated list. Please create a new discussion in `proposed changes 
```

> <https://github.com/iterorganization/imas-data-dictionary/issues>`_ when you want to add a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<https://github.com/iterorganization/imas-data-dictionary/discussions/categories/proposed-changes>`_ when you want to add a
```
